LICENSE
Makefile
README.md
requirements.txt
setup.py
PyTradeX/__init__.py
PyTradeX.egg-info/PKG-INFO
PyTradeX.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
PyTradeX.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
PyTradeX.egg-info/requires.txt
PyTradeX.egg-info/top_level.txt
PyTradeX/config/__init__.py
PyTradeX/config/params.py
PyTradeX/data_processing/__init__.py
PyTradeX/data_processing/boruta_py.py
PyTradeX/data_processing/data_cleaner.py
PyTradeX/data_processing/data_extractor.py
PyTradeX/data_processing/data_processor.py
PyTradeX/data_processing/data_refiner.py
PyTradeX/data_processing/data_shifter.py
PyTradeX/data_processing/data_transformer.py
PyTradeX/data_processing/feature_selector.py
PyTradeX/modeling/__init__.py
PyTradeX/modeling/drift.py
PyTradeX/modeling/model.py
PyTradeX/modeling/model_registry.py
PyTradeX/modeling/model_tuning.py
PyTradeX/modeling/modeller.py
PyTradeX/pipeline/__init__.py
PyTradeX/pipeline/ml_pipeline.py
PyTradeX/trading/__init__.py
PyTradeX/trading/trading_table.py
PyTradeX/utils/__init__.py
PyTradeX/utils/data_processing/__init__.py
PyTradeX/utils/data_processing/collective_data.py
PyTradeX/utils/data_processing/data_expectations.py
PyTradeX/utils/data_processing/frequency_transformer.py
PyTradeX/utils/data_processing/repair_helper.py
PyTradeX/utils/general/__init__.py
PyTradeX/utils/general/client.py
PyTradeX/utils/general/logging_helper.py
PyTradeX/utils/modeling/__init__.py
PyTradeX/utils/modeling/model_expectations.py
PyTradeX/utils/modeling/modeller_helper.py
PyTradeX/utils/others/__init__.py
PyTradeX/utils/others/file_system_helper.py
PyTradeX/utils/others/raw_data_shapes_updater.py
PyTradeX/utils/others/s3_helper.py
PyTradeX/utils/others/scripts_helper.py
PyTradeX/utils/others/timing.py
PyTradeX/utils/pipeline/__init__.py
PyTradeX/utils/pipeline/pipeline_helper.py
PyTradeX/utils/trading/__init__.py
PyTradeX/utils/trading/trading_helper.py
config/config.yaml
docs/.$AWS Architecture.drawio.bkp
docs/.$AWS Architecture.drawio.dtmp
docs/.$Trading Strategy.drawio.bkp
docs/.$Trading Strategy.drawio.dtmp
docs/diagrams/.$Diagrams.drawio.bkp
docs/diagrams/.$aws_architecture.drawio.bkp
docs/diagrams/.$data_warehouse.drawio.bkp
docs/diagrams/.$data_warehouse.drawio_1.dtmp
docs/diagrams/.$documentation.drawio.bkp
docs/diagrams/aws_architecture.drawio
docs/diagrams/data_warehouse.drawio
docs/diagrams/documentation.drawio
docs/images/lightgbm_logo.png
docs/images/random_forest_logo.png
docs/images/xgboost_logo.png
docs/instructions/help_to_instal_libraries.docx
docs/instructions/update_requirements.txt
docs/notes/CloudWatch setup.txt
docs/notes/N-Beats Notes.txt
docs/notes/Notes.docx
docs/notes/Pipeline Notes.txt
resources/data_processor_features.xlsx
resources/coin_images/AAVE_logo.png
resources/coin_images/ADA_logo.png
resources/coin_images/ALGO_logo.png
resources/coin_images/AMP_logo.png
resources/coin_images/APE_logo.png
resources/coin_images/ATOM_logo.png
resources/coin_images/AVAX_logo.png
resources/coin_images/BNB_logo.png
resources/coin_images/BTC_logo.png
resources/coin_images/BUSD_logo.png
resources/coin_images/DODO_logo.png
resources/coin_images/DOGE_logo.png
resources/coin_images/DOT_logo.png
resources/coin_images/ENJ_logo.png
resources/coin_images/ETC_logo.png
resources/coin_images/ETH1_logo.png
resources/coin_images/ETH_logo.png
resources/coin_images/FTM_logo.png
resources/coin_images/GALA_logo.png
resources/coin_images/GAL_logo.png
resources/coin_images/GMT_logo.png
resources/coin_images/GMX_logo.png
resources/coin_images/ICP_logo.png
resources/coin_images/LINK_logo.png
resources/coin_images/LTC_logo.png
resources/coin_images/LUNA_logo.png
resources/coin_images/MATIC_logo.png
resources/coin_images/NEAR_logo.png
resources/coin_images/OP_logo.png
resources/coin_images/REN_logo.png
resources/coin_images/RUNE_logo.png
resources/coin_images/SAND_LOGO.png
resources/coin_images/SOL_logo.png
resources/coin_images/SUPER_logo.png
resources/coin_images/THETA_logo.png
resources/coin_images/TRX_logo.png
resources/coin_images/UNI_logo.png
resources/coin_images/USDT_logo.png
resources/coin_images/VET_logo.png
resources/coin_images/WAVES_logo.png
resources/coin_images/XRP_logo.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/15min/AAVE_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/15min/ADA_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/15min/ALGO_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/15min/ATOM_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/15min/AVAX_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/15min/BNB_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/15min/BTC_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/15min/DOT_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/15min/ENJ_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/15min/ETC_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/15min/ETH_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/15min/LINK_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/15min/LUNA_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/15min/MATIC_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/15min/RUNE_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/15min/SOL_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/15min/THETA_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/15min/UNI_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/15min/VET_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/15min/XRP_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/1d/AAVE_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/1d/ADA_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/1d/ALGO_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/1d/ATOM_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/1d/AVAX_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/1d/BNB_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/1d/BTC_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/1d/DOT_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/1d/ENJ_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/1d/ETC_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/1d/ETH_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/1d/LINK_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/1d/LUNA_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/1d/MATIC_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/1d/RUNE_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/1d/SOL_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/1d/THETA_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/1d/UNI_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/1d/VET_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/1d/XRP_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/30min/AAVE_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/30min/ADA_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/30min/ALGO_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/30min/ATOM_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/30min/AVAX_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/30min/BNB_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/30min/BTC_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/30min/DOT_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/30min/ENJ_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/30min/ETC_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/30min/ETH_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/30min/LINK_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/30min/LUNA_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/30min/MATIC_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/30min/RUNE_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/30min/SOL_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/30min/THETA_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/30min/UNI_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/30min/VET_report.png
resources/coin_reports (old)/30min/XRP_report.png
resources/logos/idea_1/logo_1.png
resources/logos/idea_1/logo_2.png
resources/logos/idea_2/logo_1.png
resources/logos/idea_3/logo_1.png
resources/logos/idea_4/logo_1.jpeg
resources/logos/idea_4/logo_1_cut.jpeg
resources/logos/idea_4/logo_1_no_background.png
resources/logos/idea_4/logo_1_no_background_uncut.png
resources/logos/idea_4/logo_1_no_background_uncut2.png
resources/logos/idea_4/logo_2.jpeg
scripts/bash/00_cicd_pipeline.sh
scripts/bash/01_tests_running.sh
scripts/bash/02_image_building.sh
scripts/data_processing/data_processing.py
scripts/modeling/modeling.py
workflows/model_building/model_building_workflow.py
workflows/model_updating/model_updating_workflow.py
workflows/trading_round/trading_round_workflow.py